Prepare for release 5.5.0 (#187)
Automattic/a8c-ci-toolkit-buildkite-plugin: CHANGELOG.md

_None._

## 5.5.0

### New Features

> - Install Python during windows setup and install additional Visual Studio Build Tools components for native builds [#186]

Reviewer: I didn't realize back during the review of the PR, but maybe adjust to:
```suggestion
- Allow optionally installing Python and additional Visual Studio Build Tools components for native builds during Windows setup [#186]
```

Author: Yep I like it 👍
